hi you guys so recently I was diagnosed
with plantar fasciitis which is
basically a foot injury that has put me
in sneakers for the next several months
so I decided to put together a video
about some cute outfits you can wear
with sneakers so I asked my friend Noah
to help me film it and I put together
six different outfit ideas that you guys
can wear with sneakers if you're stuck
in them like me or if you just like them
so here we go
so this first outfit is perfect for
spring or summer the knit shirt is from
JCPenney the white tank top is from
Charlotte Russe and the shorts are from
Kohl's I got this bag from a consignment
shop called rethreads this watch was my
grandmother's and the necklace was from
forever 21 I like to wear shorts with
sneakers because it breaks things up and
it makes my feet look small versus big
like sneakers normally would and the
nail polish I'm wearing is cute as a
button by Essie
this outfit is a bit more dressed up but
it's still super comfortable the jacket
is from dressing your truth and it's a
type of one jacket the Mad Hatter shirt
was given to me and the shorts are from
Kohl's
this is a ring given to me by my mom it
has an opal on it this is a necklace I
got from a book set and these earrings I
got from forever 21
this next outfit is super casual and
comfy I got the vest and the tank top
from rethreads
and the shorts are again from Kohl's the
bracelet is a Victoria Jane design and
the necklace I got from my dad and my
stepmom
this next outfit is just fun and edgy
the shirt I got from forever 21 and the
shorts I got from Charlotte Russe
the necklace is from forever 21 and the
earrings are just little emerald studs
this next outfit is kind of more of a
boho look the dress is from rethreads
the shirt I got from TJ Maxx the tank
top is from Charlotte Russe and the
leggings are forever 21 I got the belt
at state tune and the lake warmers were
given to me I like to wear the leg
warmers because it makes my feet look
smaller and it covers up the sneakers a
bit
the next outfit is a real classic blazer
and jeans look the Blazer I got from
rethreads the shirt from Walmart the
jeans were given to me and the Hat is
from Claire's I found it's better to
wear a bell bottoms with sneakers
instead of skinny jeans because skinny
jeans make your feet look larger
the necklace was from stay tuned and so
were the earrings so I hope this
tutorial was helpful for you guys and it
gave you some cool outfit ideas and see
you next time all right love you guys
bye thinking hips ladies don't don't get
hit by a car
whole nine yards
gotcha the whole three foot five fry
like ritual bhaji I don't want to fry
like wit America fry like little birdie
that sounds like you're gonna be like
roast chicken all right